The IBI1 course this semester has equipped me with Python knowledge and initiated me into computer programming. 

I did a generally good job in first few practicals according to the formative feedback I received for GitHub Portfolio ICA. 
However, I left a file that needed submitting out of my GitHub repository, so I need to be more careful with checking if 
all files required are kept in the repository in the future. Besides, I will also try to make it easier for users to input information 
into my programmes, as the feedback said. This can be achieved by providing users an input interface, and asking them 
to input strings rather than lists.

As we got deeper into Python programming, I felt that practicals assigned became trickier and I had to spend more time 
working on them. However, this offered me many opportunities to practice asking efficient and proper questions, and I 
have made some progress in it. Those difficult practical tasks also helped me gain some logical thinking skills. I was easily 
got confused before when facing those tasks, having no idea about what needs to be done first. But my thought is becoming
 clearer and clearer after those practices. There are also some weaknesses in my programming. Firstly, I am still feeling 
confused with all types of brackets in Python and it always takes me a long time to determine the correct type in one code. 
I think it will be gradually improved by practicing more. Secondly, some programme I wrote have very high orders of growth, 
which are reflected in long running times when dealing with big inputs. I will try to improve this by comparing different 
algorithms for a programme and adopt the simplest one. It may take great efforts to find a simper algorithm, but I will exert 
myself to the utmost.

Although I am not a BMI student and may not have many chances to learn programming from programme courses, I will seize 
any opportunity around me to practice programming and exchange ideas with BMI students, or do some online research. 
Computer programming is indispensable in biomedical research.
